Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will implement the purchase service, we will use the purchase service
to fetch purchase and points that we created on the server side, we created endpoints like to save,
purchase and list all purchases of user on the server side.
In this lesson, we will create functions to fetch these and points with the Anglet HDTV Glines.
Let's implement them one by one.
We can create a service class with the energy generate comment our comments, feel the energy, generate
service and service.
Our service name will be purchased but are created under the services folder.
So I specify it like services select purchase and it will create our service class.
I'll open it, first of all, I need to describe Baz urine for purchase, and once they can find the
server you it from the environments, then I'll add the purchase history postfix because each request
for the purchase and coins start with API purchase history.
We can check it also from the server side.
Then I'll extend the request based service because I use the base methods that were described there.
Then we can inject our services under construct, first of all, we will use authentication service
to get the current users.
Secondly, we need HTP client because we will use it to send two requests.
Actually, both of them will be used by this superclass.
Also, the class which implements an obstacle must call in the constructor.
So we will call the function here with the parameters.
OK, now we can create our HTTP requests.
Our first method is save purchase.
We will take a purchase object as a parameter and of course the result of it will be observable because
the result of the HTTP request is observable.
Oreste method will be our posterized API.
That is API purchase history and we will send the purchase object as a form data.
Finally, we will send the HTP headers in the auction block.
With the auction block, we can send a lot of different properties like HTP header, HTTP content,
HTP parameter, etc..
Our last method will be get all purchased items to get purchase items.
We will santur get request to the server site to get all purchases.
Our rest API, that is API purchase history.
Finally, we will send the Hadass as property of the oceans.
OK, that's all about purchase service implementation.
Thank you.